# D7 - 22-01-09

This week I watched some introductory ChucK video lectures on Kadenze. Overall the platform is great and the course was super helpful. The course is geared towards people that have no experience with software development. Since I have some experience with that I was able to skip about 50% of the video material. I understand arrays and frankly I would rather write some ChucK than sit through the rest of the Arrays lesson. Hahaha.

This was a productive week and I had a lot of fun. I'm franky surprised at myself - this has been intuitive to pick up and it's one of the most fun things I have tried in a _long_ time. I'm looking forward to next week.

## This week:

- learned about the fundamentals of ChucK
- set up this code project
- created a few plonky experiments
- started creating reusable units of code
  - step sequencers for pitch and envelope triggers
  - MIDI utilities
  - time utilities
  - helper functions for array maniuplation
  - **dependency manager** for library code
  - 3-tier architecture to facilitate SOLID principles
- read through lots of code
  - chuck source code
  - various project implementations written in chuck
    - resin

## Planned for next week:

- add Prettier linting if possible
- polyphony, chords
- higher-order synth and envelope constructs
- refactor Foundation/Midi/midi_scales
  - move scale-specific things into subclasses
  - add additional scales
  - try to add functions to base types so I can avoid util-classes (native array.myFunction(), for example)
